developer-docs-site/docs/standards/index.md, before:

---
title: "Embrace the Aptos Standards"
---

# Aptos Standards

Standards define a common interoperable interface for all developers to build upon. They consist of rules to ensure compatibility across applications and wallets on the Aptos blockchain. See a [list of known coin resource addresses](https://github.com/hippospace/aptos-coin-list) in Aptos provided by 
hippospace.

## Digital Asset Standards
### [Aptos Coin](./aptos-coin.md)

The [Coin module](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core/blob/main/aptos-move/framework/aptos-framework/sources/coin.move) is a lightweight standard meant for simple, typesafe, and fungible assets. The coin standard is separated out into its own Move module to ensure that:
  - Applications and users can create and use simple tokens, with high performance and low gas overhead.
  - The Coin standard is part of the Aptos core framework so it can be used for currencies, including the gas currency.

See [Aptos Coin >](./aptos-coin.md)

### [Aptos Token](./aptos-token.md)

The [Token module](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core/blob/main/aptos-move/framework/aptos-token/sources/token.move), on the other hand:

- Encapsulates rich, flexible assets and collectibles. These assets are discrete (non-decimal) and can be fungible, semi-fungible, or nonfungible.
- The token standard is in its own `AptosToken` package at the Address `0x3` to allow for rapid iteration based on feedback from the community.

See [Aptos Token >](./aptos-token.md)

## Wallet standards
### [Aptos Wallet standards](./wallets.md)

The wallet standards ensure that all wallets use the same functionality for key features.  This includes:
- The same mnemonic so that wallets can be moved between providers.
- [Wallet adapter](../integration/wallet-adapter-concept.md) so that all applications can interact seamlessly with a common interface.

Commit message:

[docs] fungible asset and primary fungible store

developer-docs-site/docs/standards/index.md, after:

---
title: "Embrace the Aptos Standards"
---

# Aptos Standards

Standards define a common interoperable interface for all developers to build upon. They consist of rules to ensure compatibility across applications and wallets on the Aptos blockchain. See a [list of known coin resource addresses](https://github.com/hippospace/aptos-coin-list) in Aptos provided by
hippospace.

## Digital Asset Standards

### [Aptos Coin](./aptos-coin.md)

The [Coin module](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core/blob/main/aptos-move/framework/aptos-framework/sources/coin.move) is a lightweight standard meant for simple, typesafe, and fungible assets. The coin standard is separated out into its own Move module to ensure that:

- Applications and users can create and use simple tokens, with high performance and low gas overhead.
- The Coin standard is part of the Aptos core framework so it can be used for currencies, including the gas currency.

See [Aptos Coin >](./aptos-coin.md)

### [Aptos Token](./aptos-token.md)

The [Token module](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core/blob/main/aptos-move/framework/aptos-token/sources/token.move), on the other hand:

- Encapsulates rich, flexible assets and collectibles. These assets are discrete (non-decimal) and can be fungible, semi-fungible, or nonfungible.
- The token standard is in its own `AptosToken` package at the Address `0x3` to allow for rapid iteration based on feedback from the community.

See [Aptos Token >](./aptos-token.md)

### [Fungible Asset](./fungible-asset.md)

The [Fungible Asset module](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-core/blob/main/aptos-move/framework/aptos-framework/sources/coin.move) is a new standard meant for simple, typesafe, and fungible assets based on object model intending to replace Aptos coin.
Fungible asset standard offers more features and flexibilities to Aptos move developers on creating and managing fungible assets.

See [Fungible Asset >](./fungible-asset.md)

## Wallet standards

### [Aptos Wallet standards](./wallets.md)

The wallet standards ensure that all wallets use the same functionality for key features. This includes:

- The same mnemonic so that wallets can be moved between providers.
- [Wallet adapter](../integration/wallet-adapter-concept.md) so that all applications can interact seamlessly with a common interface.
